[Flutter] Updated wallet documentation in regards of session approvals and requests (#1451)
WalletConnect/walletconnect-docs: docs/web3wallet/wallet-usage.mdx

You can access this object in **SessionProposalEvent** during `onSessionProposal` event by querying `event.params.generatedNamespaces`. (See next section)

> However, if you decide not to use `web3Wallet.registerRequestHandler()` and, instead, you decide to handler session requests by subscribing to the `web3Wallet.onSessionRequest` events then all you have to do is construnct your approved namespaces as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, if you decide not to use `web3Wallet.registerRequestHandler()` and, instead, you decide to handle session requests by subscribing to the `web3Wallet.onSessionRequest` events then all you have to do is construct your approved namespaces as follows:
```

<PlatformTabItem value="flutter">

As mentioned before, the `SessionProposalEvent` is emitted when a dapp initiates a new session with your wallet. The event object will include the information about the dapp and requested namespaces. The wallet should display a prompt for the user to approve or reject the session.

To approve a session, call `approveSession()` and pass in the `event.id` and your approved namespaces. 

> - If you decided to use the `registerRequestHandler()` method to register handlers for supported methods, as explained in previous section, then you would use the `generatedNamespaces` object in the `approveSession`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you decide to use the `registerRequestHandler()` method to register handlers for supported methods, as explained in previous section, you would use the `generatedNamespaces` object in the `approveSession`
```

> - If you decided to handle session requests by subscribing to the `onSessionRequest` events then you would need to pass your own set of approved namespaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you decide to handle session requests by subscribing to the `onSessionRequest` event, you would need to pass your own set of approved namespaces.
```

</PlatformTabItem>
<PlatformTabItem value="flutter">

> To handle a session request, such as `personal_sign`, you have to ways and they are mutually exclusive, so, you use either one way or the other:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To handle a session request, such as `personal_sign`, you have two ways and they are mutually exclusive, so, you use either one way or the other:
```

```dart
web3Wallet.onSessionRequest.subscribe(_onSessionRequest);

void _onSessionRequest(SessionRequestEvent? event) async {
  if (event != null) {
    final id = event.id;
    final topic = event.topic;
    final method = event.method;
    final chainId = event.chainId;
    final params = event.params as List;

    // message should arrive encoded
    final decoded = hex.decode(params.first.substring(2));
    final message = utf8.decode(decoded);

    // display a prompt for the user to approve or reject the request
    // if approved
    if (approved) {
      // Your code to sign the message here
      final signature = ...

      return web3Wallet.respondSessionRequest(
        topic: topic,
        response: JsonRpcResponse(
          id: id,
          jsonrpc: '2.0',
          result: signature,
        ),
      );
    }
    // if rejected
    return web3Wallet.respondSessionRequest(
      topic: topic,
      response: JsonRpcResponse(
        id: id,
        jsonrpc: '2.0',
        error: const JsonRpcError(code: 5001, message: 'User rejected method'),
      ),
    );
  }
}
```

> 2. The second way is registering a request handler for the methods and chains you want to support. So let's say your wallet supports `eip155:1` and `eip155:137`. This would translate to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The second way is to register a request handler for the methods and chains you want to support. So let's say your wallet supports `eip155:1` and `eip155:137`. This would translate to:
```
